{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TOP LEVEL GENRE: Casual\
GENRE: MOBA\
SUB GENRE: Arena Shooter\
VISUALS: 3D\
THEME 1: Mythology\
THEME 2: Dragons\
FEATURES: Crafting\
PLAYERS: Multiplayer\
ASSESSMENT: Short Gameplay\
\
==========\
\
Mythical Mayhem \
\
GAME OVERVIEW: Mythical Mayhem is a MOBA-style arena shooter with a mythological theme. Players take control of mythological creatures and heroes and do battle against each other in spectacular arenas. The game features crafting, allowing players to create powerful weapons and items to help them in battle. The game is multiplayer, with up to 10 players being able to play together at once. \
\
GAME OBJECTIVES: The objective of the game is to defeat all of the other players in combat and be the last one standing. \
\
GAME RULES: Players will start each match by choosing their character. They will then be placed into an arena where they will do battle against the other players. The match will last until there is only one player left alive. During the match, players will be able to collect materials which can be used to craft powerful weapons and items. These can be used to turn the tide of battle in your favor. \
\
GAME LOOP: Players will take control of their character and fight against the other players in the arena until there is only one player left standing. During the match, players can collect materials which can be used to craft weapons and items. These items can be used to give you an advantage in combat. The match will end when there is only one player left alive. At this point, a new match will start and players will be able to choose a new character. \
\
GAME ENVIRONMENT: The game environment is set in various mythological locations such as ancient temples, forests, and mountains. Who are the CHARACTERS? There are various characters that players can choose from, each with their own unique abilities and playstyle. Some of the characters include dragons, giants, gods, and heroes from mythology. What are its UNIQUE SELLING POINTS? -The game features spectacular 3D visuals that bring the mythological theme to life. -The crafting system allows players to create powerful weapons and items to help them in battle. -The game features a variety of multiplayer modes that support up to 10 players.}